FF113 Experimental Features - WebGPU on nightly (#26267)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/experimental_features/index.md

#### WebGPU API

> This new API provides low-level support for performing computation and graphics rendering using the [Graphics Processing Unit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphics_Processing_Unit) (GPU) of the user's device or computer. See [Firefox bug 1602129](https://bugzil.la/1602129) for our progress on this API.

Author: ```suggestion
The [WebGPU API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebGPU_API) provides low-level support for performing computation and graphics rendering using the [Graphics Processing Unit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphics_Processing_Unit) (GPU) of the user's device or computer. See [Firefox bug 1602129](https://bugzil.la/1602129) for our progress on this API.
```
